# DS4003-Final-Project
These are all materials for my DS4003 Final Project. The public link to my project is located here: https://ds4003-final-project.onrender.com/ Please note that it may take a few seconds to load. 

I started out by first creating user stories for the idea I had. I knew I wanted to do something financial, so this was a great activity to get started.  I also chose a dataset. I then cleaned it and did an initial exploratory analysis to better understand what graphs I'd like to incorporate into my final project. I then planned out my dashboard in accordance with UI/UX principles, and to make sure that my project would look neat and cohesive. Although I had to modify some things, this was very helpful in planning. Throughout the process, I was able to learn many visualization techniques that I was able to then implement in my project. The work I did leading up to the final project can be found in the "Sprints" folder. I learned how to use themes, stylesheets, and how to create nuanced and detailed advanced graphs. Some graphs/charts that are featured in this project include a bubble plot, a grouped bar graph, and a data table. I also learned how to use components like radio buttons to switch a table, and a range slider to filter variables. I also learned how to receive user input and utilize that to create meaningful results. I incorporated multi-select dropdowns for different categories to add variety as well.  Being able to publicly render my dashboard has been a thorough and rewarding experience. 
